nothing has put a clip here
above the mantras and things
Javi Look at the comments I don't know I don't
dare I appreciate you very much but you made a
fool of yourself with No the truth I wish Ricky
had been more serious and mature in
this debate just interrupts and yells
[ __ ] How good are they telling you the
truth no the truth that attitude
of Ricky I don't like at all but I've
only seen the first 20 minutes well
watch it all honestly Ricky
you looked pretty bad [ __ ] I can't
believe what I'm seeing I'm not going to
cry literally you are seeing the [ __ ]
reality damn I was going to go crazy
because I have assumed that no Eh I
have assumed that no that it doesn't matter what I
put on them I mean surely the channels
that are against Dallas are going to
juggle to not talk about how bad
Ricky has done being honest and we all
know that Ricky here from what I saw
the 2 hours and so the debate made a
fool of himself Ricky being objective this time you
humiliated yourself I can't [ __ ]
believe it I am a big fan of Ricky but you
shouldn't  having debated no